Jasper National Park is a popular destination for hikers, nature-lovers and wildlife enthusiasts. It is located in the province of Alberta, north of Banff National Park and west of Edmonton. The park includes the glaciers of the Columbia Icefield, hot springs, lakes, waterfalls and mountains. The park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1984, together with the other national and provincial parks that form the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks. There are so many things to see such as peaks, glaciers, lakes, waterfalls, canyons, and limestone caves as well as fossils!


There are around 10000 different species of birds worldwide. Birds have hollow bones which help them fly. Hummingbirds, for example are incredibly lightweight. The average hummingbird is around 4 grams, while the smallest, the bee hummingbird, is closer to 1.6 grams. The largest member of the hummingbird family, the giant hummingbird, can get up to 24 grams—enormous for a hummingbird, but only equivalent to about a handful of loose change.


Just like humans, dingoes have rotating wrists. This allows them to use their paws like hands to catch prey. It also helps them better climb trees and even open doors. Their flexible wrists let them climb and enter places that dogs can't go, making them a difficult pest for farmers trying to keep them away from their livestock.

If you’re planning on visiting Canada by car, then you will want to experience the Trans-Canada Highway which is the longest highway in the world at 4,725 miles in length. Half of the country is covered with forests, which should come as no surprise considering one-tenth of the world’s forests are in Canada. And if you fancy a bit of mountain trekking, you might want to climb or view from a distance the highest mountain in Canada which is Mount Logan in Yukon Territory!

The record for the world's oldest dog according to Guinness Book of Records is 29, with unconfirmed records of a 34-year-old dog existing. On May 15, 2013, the Guinness World Records organization confirmed “the World's Oldest Dog” record has been claimed by Janelle De Rouen for her dog named “Max” with age of 29 years old. However, Max died just three days after the record. If Max had lived to August of the next year, he would have become the first dog to reach 30 years of age.

